I was being later change. Lost on effect. You're in charge. You're gonna
start it off CEO shits. Yeah, there's also It's your responsibility.
You think you can get away with some leaving? Literally. Please.
Please, Max. I understand, though. That ships who was our life goes
on 24 7365 was a without you. Do you have have you put in place love
checks and balances? Do you trust your number two your executive,
Also from the ship and get the ship on the way if, uh, leader runs is
bullshit into ST Thomas Virgin Isles. We dropped the hook swinging
on all get Theo on as tenant told, move the ship. Okay. Our master
came out move the ship because we were in the swing pattern for the
cruise ship. That was not supposed He came in and had we not move, probably
with swat. So that's always want on. Move your ship. Your washing
so you could affect your travel. You know, as tv opposition. Go
on travel, travel. And I'm also saying in my time, I've seen many
officers that ever left the ship that I was one of 3/2 is that No, I
did not enjoy. I have never left his ship. Commander never made a pact
on. And, uh, you know, your dad. It's your wife or life else.